Fix broken links and terminology in mwa-deep-dive.md (#554)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/mobile/mwa-deep-dive.md

Try to do this without help as it's great practice, but if you get stuck, check
out the

> [solution code on the `solution` branch](https://github.com/Unboxed-Software/react-native-fake-solana-wallet/tree/solution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[solution code on the repo](https://github.com/solana-developers/react-native-fake-solana-wallet).
```
